horses come from the sea the big
steeple-chase de paris 2015 at this profile
maritime indeed two competitors
come from england and ireland they
have crossed the sleeve
the one beautiful life the winner 2013
come back he comes from the Atlantic coast
the palmyre and the big favorite miller
coma trained himself in the bay of
Mont Saint Michel
it's right there in world exclusive
we're just going to see him watching the
little preparations he's there he has the
chance to have little braids that 's fine
and he is calm he is very calm
Before the storm
he is calm before the storm in two
hours from
come to the races admire the
stars of the tracks the milord of auteuil
facing the crowded crowd for editing
2015 of the biggest race
of obstacles in France me laure thomas
rushes to 6 years for a huge challenge
finally offer his first big this guy
there all have yet famous entourage
but he faces the old shannon rock
already three times second and the ghost
beautiful life winner of the 2013 edition
supported by a happy team of
mayennais supporters who make
fortunately more noise than the
sinister clerk of the pnh on strike and
for the table of a striker your choices
why banon but I am an artist
and the artists they go not a little
like a tightrope walker on a wire and to
every moment you think you can
to fall and every obstacle is a little
a deliverance located when he won the
two
two years ago I was counting
really then there was really
pressure really pressure let's say
that I really crossed my fingers
this time I think I'm going to squeeze
the buttocks
he who is not driven by a weight
heavy but by dominique braye under
the former jockey who had to leave paris
in 2013 to find a second wind
at Dragey in Mont Saint Bay
michel
miller thomas looking to ride on a
pedestal they deserve yet already
this kapgarde son raised by the family
Michel and the young thomas leboucher
houara of the place of the fields in normandy has
won his first race to dieppe before
to suddenly show up in the fall
2013 in auteuil at 4 years the media
find
after winning and hemorrhage law and
the hague jousselin did not make it a
great horse not even a very good horse
of which just fall landes of abnormal wants
So here it is for me it is the mind that
spit
nothing disturbs him always had to
embarrassment even if internally when he is
going on if he's a bit stressed but the
morning workout walk the economy
a job is never hard here you go
the mind of the cracks
when we know that some people
have been waiting for this moment all their life and
that I am 21 years old
it is the horse the horse of the family
running on the big steeplechase
today is a moment a moment
extraordinary
they have won everything for a long time and
many times putting the jockey 2011
thomas jacques ricou quadruples whips
golden maggie brilliant 87 years the lady
to the famous red hat of
owners in France since
70s did not win the big
steeplechase of paris
a consecration that also escaped
his coach dominique bressot then
jockey in 2003 and following a
foot suffered in italy had to look
from the grandstands fly away line
marine with christophe pious and that's
sure the ovation of the crowd rushes for
a long trip
6 km doubled for bronze
only his bet
2 while he took the northern head
thomas will give the public a huge
scare by putting a brake on
first pass of the arena the team
but he is recovering right away in the
rhythm next to shannon rock that has
close up miller thomas franchissant
hours the river for the second time
then they fly over their wing ditch and
fence in front of which beautiful life must
stop
with
I see our customers
I do not win
he knew
proud and I believe that one is conceived as
one
and last 150 meters it was to whom
I called karl after the last
and here I am asked if he will leave
but hey it's a good horse and you
personal title she comforts us
with the group it's because he's
remained one am here I still had
that I live between equals and win it with
his horse there that I made that I
brought the day to the top level and
will have scared the resin is
appreciated by the general public as all are
tenacious surround me laure thomas get
sees a triumph on his return
rarely lived tall and afraid you arrived
at the same time the follower boat goatherd
sherbrooke i know it's not possible
but I know that my horse is cracking
never said do we go then
will it start well?
françoise to jump it's amazing
a dream that becomes reality
thirty years that I wait maybe more
since my brother george hurst reindeer
could here he would have deserved to win
it was a good guy really got scared to
the river and before it does not
did not want very well and I got
say where we will have to stop because we
must always protected from horses it was
the wise option and after the river he has
seemed to find the right rhythm
he was able to resume his action from
forward then it's a good finisher
and if we saw doubts before costs and
to the obvious managers that she wanted in
to know if we really had to run
after four decades of maggie efforts
brilliant accomplished the dream of all
a life
from his first attempt miller thomas
became king of auteuil in the great
chase steeple of paris 2015 now the
horse come from the sea can return
facing Mont Saint Michel to watch
the story right in the eye